# My Application

The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io).


CONTENTS
--------

* introduction
* requirements
* create loopback project
* database setup
* test environment setup 
* create loopback models 
* create tables from models
* run server


INTRODUCTION 
------------
This is the poem backend generated with loopback and working on a postgresql database.
Tests are running with mocha test framework and chai assertion libraries.

REQUIREMENTS 
------------

1. postgresql
2. NodeJS
2. LOOPBACK
3. chai
4. mocha

CREATE LOOPBACK PROJET
----------------------

1. In your shell, run the following commands to install loopback.

TODO
TODO

2. Create your project directory and run the following commands to init LoopBack project :

	slc loopback


DATABASE SETUP 
--------------

1. In your shell, check if postgreSQL is installed or install it. 

	wich psql
	(sudo apt-get install psql)

2. The run the following commands to create your role and the poem database.

	psql postgres 

CREATE USER login PASSWORD pass;
CREATE DATABASE poem;

3. Then setup the datasource in the project directory.

	slc loopback:datasource

Answer loopback questions with your hostname, port (80), name, password, dbname (poem)


TEST ENVIRONMENT SETUP 
----------------------

1. Run the following command to install mocha testing framework.
	
	npm install chai
	npm intall mocha

2. Run tests by running the following command:

	mocha

CREATE LOOPBACK MODELS
----------------------

The command to create a model is:

	slc loopback:model 

Answer loopback questions to define your model. 

CREATE TABLES FROM MODELS 
-------------------------

1. complete create_table.js script with the name of your models.

var lbtables = [model1, model2, model3, ...] 

2. Once you have defined all your models, you can link loopback and your database by running create_table.js script. This will create all tables needed and link api with database.

	node /server/create_table.js 


RUN THE SERVER 
--------------

Run the following command to run the server : 

	node server.js


